And now, We have the news and links,
That we did before in
our observable netbooks.
And so, Let us,
Go ahead and create and
go ahead and select our SVG.
And now, what we can do is go ahead and
use SVG,
we selected the d3 selection of SVG.
And we're gonna kinda replace,
All of the previous selections we did,
look at that we're already getting our
flowers being rendered, and we'll go and
do that and, We're very close,
we have everything rendered.
And so there seems to be a few more
things that we need to do just to get
the simulation part working.
So let's figure out what is going on here.
Let's see if there's any errors now.
Yes, [LAUGH] our width is not defined.
And so let's go ahead and,
I'm gonna scroll back up to the top.
And I'm going to define our width,
let's say, as the width of our window.
So I'm gonna say window.innerWidth.
And, yeah, is now drawing everything and
you can see that our SVG doesn't
have the width and height yet.
So we can go ahead and
set the width and height of SVG.
And then after that we should be able to
see everything rendering as it was in
observable notebooks.
So let's go ahead and
update our width and height and
the place we're gonna do that is in here.
Let's say select svg, d3 select svg and
set the width to the width at variable.
And actually, in this case,
let's set our height to
the window height also.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna go ahead and update that.
The only other part that
we reference the width and
height is in our first simulation.
Where we center around
the center of our container, so
let's go ahead and do width divided
by 2 and height divided by 2.
And of course,
we don't have the height variable yet.
So let's go ahead and
come back here to define our height.
And now we should be able to, awesome.
So there we go, we have everything
translated over into our index HTML.
And it was a little bit more
copying pasting them before but,
it was mostly just tracking down
the variables that we were missing.
And in general I like
to organize everything
as an all of our constant variables first,
some functions where the functions
aren't reliant on the data.
And then everything else being within this
callback function after
the data is loaded in.
And I guess a little bit of a note
about responsiveness because
I know we had a question
about that earlier.
And so if we wanted to make this, If
we wanted to make this our SVG container,
resize on window resize and
then have all of these positions update.
What we will want to do is listen
to a window resize event, and
maybe somewhere outside of this movie,
loading block.
And so maybe we will have something
here that says window resize.
And we will probably have a another
function that's actually,
and let me take that back,
we probably would want
to do the window resize
within the movies callback.
Because the window resize would be trying
update a lot of things in the blog/ So
we'll probably have the window resize and
probably somewhere in here.
And then window resize we can say go
ahead and recalculate the width and
height and
update the SVG attributes for that.
And then we will want to go down
to the fourth simulation call.
And we will probably say, go ahead and
do simulation, take the simulation
that we've already initialized here.
And then let's go ahead and
update this force center where
we're setting the width and
the center of the container and
reset that.
And then we can go ahead and
restart the force simulation so
that everything will update its position.
So that's how we would do
it in this particular case.
And really depending on the chart or
visualization you're trying
to make everything,
it will all change around a little bit.
But that's in general how you would think
about making sure that your visualization
is responsive.
Yeah, that is how we translate
everything into our index HTML.